Before you move on to exercise three, I
want you to take notes on what you learned
in exercise two so
you remember this stuff.
And now,
we're moving on to exercise three.
So we'll go close up
the server node dev 3,
open up 03 Readme,
go to port 4003 and log in.
I'm going to not be on a slow
3G network for this one.
And we'll go kody@remix.run and
kodylovesyou.
And there we go.
Great, so we're all set with
our focus management exercise.
So for this one, if you look at the files
here, we're still on the invoice ID route.
So we're still working
within the same route.
We want to focus on
the element that has an error.
So if we submit with an error,
we want to automatically focus
on the one that has the error.
And if there is no error,
we want to focus on the first input.
So the use case that
you're thinking about is,
you've got somebody who's
entering in a bunch of deposits,
they do this once a week, they enter
in all the deposits for the week, and
they don't want to have to move their
mouse between every single time.
They just wanna type it in, tap taps,
hit Enter, and keep going, just move,
move, move.
The challenge that you'll have here
is because we're doing optimistic UI,
sometimes we're gonna go back to the user,
might actually go back to that input
before we have a chance to query it out,
and they might start changing it, right?
So if that's what they've done,
then you resetting the input
will mess up their work.
And so you have to be a little bit smarter
about how you're going to make sure you
only reset it when it's appropriate.
And yeah, so
just some things to think about.
That aspect is less about Remix and more
about like thinking about good UX, but
Remix is all about good UX.
And so we're thinking about
these sorts of things.
I gave you some good background
information on how to accomplish this, and
I think that should be enough for
you to get started on exercise three.
So have a good time.